# Working with this code

## Rubies
As of now, this code is tested using Ruby 2.1.1 and JRuby 1.7.10.  SRG's production deployment of EGTAOnline currently runs on JRuby 1.7.10 because it supports true parallelism via multi-threading.  This capability is primarily used for background processing, and because running a multi-threaded application server doesn't require holding multiple copies of the application in memory when serving multiple requests.  I also test with Ruby 2.1.1 (MRI) because JRuby is slow to launch a JVM, and for running unit tests and doing work in the rails console in development, it's really annoying waiting for a JVM to load.  I switch between these two rubies using [rbenv](https://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv).

Supporting these two flavors of Ruby means that for some functionality, such as JSON parsing, I need to install a different library for each Ruby.  See the [Gemfile](https://github.com/bcassell/egtaonline3/blob/master/Gemfile) to understand what I'm talking about here.

## Libraries
I've made extensive use of open source libraries to pull this project together.  Please read through the [Gemfile](https://github.com/bcassell/egtaonline3/blob/master/Gemfile) which is annotated to explain what each library is doing.  Nearly all of the libraries have their source and documentation on github.  Some of the libraries such as decent\_exposure and haml were convenience choices that make this project look a little different than a lot of the Rails tutorials out there.  I apologize for this, and if I had time I would definitely pull out decent_exposure, because it seems more confusing than necessary, especially for the games and schedulers controllers.  [Haml](http://haml.info/), however, probably has saved me a bunch of time over writing HTML.
